AV-101710 - Documentation update all resources (#331)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella: docs/resources/free_tier_cluster_on_off.md

---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "couchbase-capella_free_tier_cluster_on_off Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-

>   Manages the on/off state resource of a Free Tier Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource allows you to manage the On/Off state of a free tier operational cluster.
```

---

# couchbase-capella_free_tier_cluster_on_off (Resource)

> Manages the on/off state resource of a Free Tier Cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource allows you to manage the On/Off state of a free tier operational cluster.
```
